README.md, before:

# Laravel Grunt Cache Buster

This is a simple cache buster for Laravel 4 framework and Grunt task manager.
The package will install grunt-cache-baster npm module automatically ([felthy/grunt-cachebuster](http://github.com/felthy/grunt-cachebuster)). All you have to is add a service provider and configure your Gruntfile.js. **No modification in .htaccess or NGINX configuration modifications are necessary.**

Just add the following to your composer dev-dependencies and follow the instructions:

	"aozisik/grunt-cache-buster": "dev-master"



### Configuring Grunt

Add this to your grunt.initConfig

    cachebuster: {
        build: {
          options: {
              basedir: 'public/',
              format: 'php',
              banner:
                  '/**\n' +
                  ' * GENERATED FILE, DO NOT EDIT. This file is simply a collection of generated hashes for static assets in \n' +
                  ' * the project. It is generated by grunt, see Gruntfile.js for details.\n' +
                  ' */'
          },
          src: ['public/**/*'],
          dest: 'app/config/cachebuster.php'
        }
    }
    
And then load the npm task and register it where necessary

	grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-cachebuster');
	//..
	//..
	grunt.registerTask('buster', ['cachebuster']);
	
Make sure the cache buster task runs after all the other tasks. It will generate a file in your app/config directory by default. The package depends on this config file to function properly. After you set things up properly, run grunt to generate cachebuster.php

### Configuring Laravel

First you need to add the following service provider in your app/config/app.php:

		'Aozisik\GruntCacheBuster\GruntCacheBusterServiceProvider'
		
Then wherever you want a cache-busted asset you can use the following instead of the default `asset()` helper

	CacheBusted::asset('js/resultsCtrl.js')
	
The code above, used instead of the default asset helper, will yield the following URL:
	
	http://demo.app/js/resultsCtrl.js?v=23d85993f132d67754489e47f66cf6ac
	
## Enjoy!
	
If you have any questions to ask or bugs to report, feel free to contact me...

Commit message:

the npm package will not be installed automatically

README.md, after:

# Laravel Grunt Cache Buster

This is a simple cache buster for Laravel 4 framework and Grunt task manager.
The package depends on grunt-cachebuster npm module ([felthy/grunt-cachebuster](http://github.com/felthy/grunt-cachebuster)). After you install the npm module and this package, all you have to is add a service provider and configure your Gruntfile.js. **No modification in .htaccess or NGINX configuration modifications are necessary.**

### Configuring Grunt

First add the following module to your package.json and run npm :

	"grunt-cachebuster": "^0.1.5"

Add this to your grunt.initConfig

    cachebuster: {
        build: {
          options: {
              basedir: 'public/',
              format: 'php',
              banner:
                  '/**\n' +
                  ' * GENERATED FILE, DO NOT EDIT. This file is simply a collection of generated hashes for static assets in \n' +
                  ' * the project. It is generated by grunt, see Gruntfile.js for details.\n' +
                  ' */'
          },
          src: ['public/**/*'],
          dest: 'app/config/cachebuster.php'
        }
    }
    
And then load the npm task and register it where necessary

	grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-cachebuster');
	//..
	//..
	grunt.registerTask('buster', ['cachebuster']);
	
Make sure the cache buster task runs after all the other tasks. It will generate a file in your app/config directory by default. The package depends on this config file to function properly. After you set things up properly, run grunt and make sure it generates "cachebuster.php" file properly.

### Configuring Laravel

Install this package by adding the following dependency to your L4 project:

	"aozisik/grunt-cache-buster": "dev-master"

After the installation, you need to add the following service provider in your app/config/app.php:

		'Aozisik\GruntCacheBuster\GruntCacheBusterServiceProvider'
		
Then wherever you want a cache-busted asset you can use the following instead of the default `asset()` helper

	CacheBusted::asset('js/resultsCtrl.js')
	
The code above, used instead of the default asset helper, will yield the following URL:
	
	http://demo.app/js/resultsCtrl.js?v=23d85993f132d67754489e47f66cf6ac
	
## Enjoy!
	
If you have any questions to ask or bugs to report, feel free to contact me...
